---
excerpt: "Day 21 – Home Sweet Home"
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/title.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.2 # same as adding an opacity of 0.5 to a black background
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Stefano Kals**](https://www.stefanokals.ch)"
categories: [blog, travel]
tags: [peru, cusco, lima, home, sweet, salute, botschaft, eda]
---

Finally we arrived on the first of april at 10:45 on the Swiss ground. I would like to share some thoughts with you or include to Stefanos thoughts which I have had in the last three weeks. It was really an emotional and challenging time for everybody on the whole world (and still it is). Certainly it wasn't the travel which we expected. We had been planning our travel around the world from the 11th of march until the end of august. Because of the Corona Virus spreading over all over the world we had to return back home. For me personally it was a hard and sad decision but it was just the best option for us. Otherwise we had been making definitely some very negative and dangerous experiences with the restrictions and rules from the peruvian President.

It ‘s just so sad to postpone one of my dreams once again. So when we would have the next opportunity to travel around the world? On the one hand you need time and on the other hand you need money. Additionally I was waiting until Stefano would have finished his studies and now we have to wait because of the Corona Virus. I dreamed to go once or even more travelling around the world with my boyfriend. Just discover the beautiful places, nature, meet people and just let daily grind behind us for a while. So when it will be the next time for our travelling?

I’m sure that we have made other experiences during this time and that we learnt different things for our life. But it’s hard to see at the beginning the positive things because we haven’t seen anything in Peru. One week we were travelling with the buses and the plane and the rest of it we have been in quarantine. So, for sure it wasn’t a waste of time. But still I wasn’t so happy about it at the beginning and was deeply sad. We have just to make the best of it and in this situation. So we tried it. I guess that our relationship was growing deeper during this time. Then we had been for two weeks in quarantine and have had just one really small room. So we tried to make a structure for the days like reading books, writing blogs, going to the supermarket, eating, learning Spanish and having a quality time with the hostfamily. The hardest and challening part was not to go running. Especially when you are a very sportive person. So I was really looking forward to go running in Switzerland again. Unfortunately I have had on the arriving day a small accident I fell from the stairs and have sprainted one’s ankle I am a little bit clumpsy…. So I will have to wait some more days to go for a run.

In the end I was very happy to have had my boyfriend at my side. Then at the beginning it wasn’t our plan to start our trip together. Although sometimes Stefano was a pain in the neck. This was in this situations when he was exaggerating with his anger of the peruvian President and was overreacting a little bit. I absolutely agree with his thoughts and could understand him very well. But I suppose that in this situation it’ s the best to stay calm, to wait for the Swiss government and to use the time for something useful. However, it ‘s very hard sometimes. At least he was using his anger to write it down and do not harm/ hurt somebody. So it ‘s one way to go through a difficult time in life to write down the feelings.

And last but not least I would like to say THANK YOU to my family and to the people I have met in my life which were writing or phoning to us and were encouraging us during this special situation for all of us! Especially my sister was worrying about us. In the past few years we haven’t had the best relationship. So hopefully it will last now a little bit longer. Additionally I would like to say THANK YOU to our hostparents which were very positive and patient with us! And a big THANK YOU to the Swiss government! You made a very awesome job! Chapeau! At the beginning I was very critical and was feeling left high and dry by you. But then it turned out the opposite. Certainly I really appreciate your well done organized job! I never would take it for granted!